Even my woman dares to touch
Put me here
I will tell you whether the company sells it or not.
Even if my company goes bankrupt
I can't sell it to you, don't talk nonsense
Du Chen, are you sure you want to buy it?
OK. That's good.
One price 3 billion
3 billion you are clearly taking advantage of the fire
Du Chen 3 billion if you can't take it out
Get out of here
Don't embarrass me here
You just think about this little money all day
I have money
But I want to chat with Mr. Zhao Bingrui alone
If Mr. Zhao's conditions are good enough
This 3 billion me out
Du Chen, you are crazy
That's 30 miles
Our money is not a sister-in-law blown by the wind
Have you forgotten everything I taught you?
Yes, I got it.
Shunyang Technology is my Du family's industry
I don't lie.
No one wants to sell
Mr. Zhao, what do you mean?
Before the death of the old master
The company is left to me
I agree to talk to the second young master alone
Zhao Bingrui, did I give you face?
How dare you go out?
Mr. Zhao, Shunyang Technology also has one point for us.
Less than 3 billion you must not promise him
Second young master
How do you buy Social Care Technology?
3 billion not a decimal after all?
Mr. Zhao can't let me spend money and suffer a loss, right?
What do you want?
If Mr. Zhao can convince me
This 3 billion me out